Small Improvements on README (#310)
justeat/ZendeskApiClient: README.md

.\build.ps1 --target=Run-Integration-Tests --zendeskUrl="<your zendesk url>" --zendeskUsername="<your zendesk username>" --zendeskToken="<your zendesk token>"
```

> ### Integration Tests with Visual Studio

Reviewer: the intent of this section might be better portrayed by "Running integrations tests on Visual Studio for Mac"

if we make this change then we can get rid of the below line as well as it is implicit

> This could be a good option if you are using MAC OSX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This could be a good option if you are using macOS.
```
